as always please identify
a full week
and full already knew since
many weeks we are working for
do we still have eight days to
close the group and we are doing everything
effort to get it I do not have
No doubt that any of the
efforts that we are going to justify
our four games that we need
Well, they're going to get there about whether
gone too soon the party I
I think we have competed on a Friday
ham premium of the sensations in
As for competitiveness, we have been
within it I always believe that
we have done a fuck editor for
get the tie
we have tried, we have had a
good reaction capacity after 21
of the last 10 minutes like getting into
rne to your field
I do not think that the game like that has not
come too much since it's obvious
that we would have liked to play with
the template closed by I imagine that
we have we have what we have
will have much more and you have to look for that
type of argument or excuse
if the patient
match first competition court the
teams are still not saying a better
tactical technical physical point
still and imbalances still lack of
synchronization but there have been there
much enthusiasm a lot of intensity in the
game and much played match in
matched something more of interest domain
grenade and especially the danger that
you have is a very athletic team in
white are very strong
I think I know what justifies a little
that is not the goal a goal of lack
from the midfield plan thrown to the
center the goal
there is something with our deficit but
there is the match
tremendously matched from the
beginning with phases our phases of
granada the best phase of the grenade has
coincided in the second time in that
15 or 20 minute stretch
that stopped generally we are
I know you have been sentenced
occasion of the curtain that supported sight
the crap in front of the goalkeeper and already
they are the station pégate and from that
play and 10 comes a thousand euros
the party has everything serious that
result the national draw has already been
the most just thing but talk about justice of
justice is to be another
d
when the playing field they practice
because it 's so that you have played half
all matches last 90 minutes
the rival rival also plays
has started to play two with enough
direct balls towards our area
a lot of air play and it's still night
looking for the texts to the area there we have
suffered a bit in that phase
we have to give the defendants more with
the ball and much more exhausted enemy
but it is also true that the pressure has
been very insistent on the part of Granada
when we have managed to take away that
pressure is that we have not returned to
neutralizarles and have returned to equalize
of the same
We have lacked a bit more to have
supported that that advantage
so in some way
it is evident that it is a deficit because of
own physical presence that the
team and we do not have a big spread
of the group already and we can suffer because more
here all of the field where that does not have
to be produced as the second goal of
in black a lack of 40 or 50 meters
outside the area this was a very
far away and it has been very frontal we have
defended very close to in the area and we
We have been wrong but I insist there is
keep working you have to continue
training trying to disguise the most
possible of our defects and enhance
more the fruits of that it's about fluorine
no more clear